And also a member of the armed services committee and the morale of the United States Army in
this world today is a matter of vital concern to me.
I thought it only proper that I should tell this committee and also serve the McCarthy that
I had had these conversations with the Secretary of the Army.
The chair in charge of the remarks just made by his colleagues in front of the heading of
the point of personal privilege rather than the point of order I take it to another
section of the questions.
I will take any point that the chairman will let me take which will get the facts on the table.
Yes, I, first of all, do you encourage any of the point of personal privilege your name
has been mentioned and I take it to you I'm not lodging your protest against the asking
of the question.
Any question which will bring out any proof with respect to this in my health, procedure
and these issues is exactly what I have been trying to get and hope that we will get
in these areas.
From the car if you will proceed then and direct his questions to these conversations.
With regard to the point that issue as to whether or not they had anything to do with the
instigation of the charges which you had a thing to which the Secretary just decided
this morning.
The chairman is to watch a strike season the senator's description of the conversation
having to do with the record incident.
There is always a mouth side that's called with the limited inquiries that we're now engaged
on.
We can determine how that I presume as the Secretary of the Board to answer these questions
which have not yet been asked.
I don't know what the gentlemen are.
I, by no means, want to infer these conversations only had to do with General Twicker.
These conversations had to do with Secretary Stevens' opinions as to what was happening to
the United States Army.
As a member of the armed services committee I was glad to receive any comments that he had
and I was glad to talk to him about it.
I just didn't want to counsel for the Secretary to think that in any way these conversations
were limited to General Twicker.
Thank you for that kind of assignment and still remains true.
I think to this outside the scope of inquiry about the festively that the Secretary needs
that week.
And by the wrong, of course, we wanted in.
At no time since it was decided to have these hearings, have I been in touch directly or
indirectly in any way shaped or formed with Secretary Stevens or with any other principles
in these hearings except Senator McCarthy and Mr. Cohn and you and the others when they
came before this committee, an executive hearing or open hearing.
I just suggest to Senator McCarthy proceed with his questions on this.
Mr. Welch was on the signing window.
Anybody else around the table raises a point of order?
We will discuss the particular point of order with this relationship to the specific question.
Man, I said before I asked the question.
And there's any objection from the part of any senator?
Tomorrow I ask Mr. Stevens about conversation with President Sunford.
I will do this.
I think that I should not, this time, would a conversation lift the front of her?
Across the object by a gallery of under-assigning and as an objection.
That's right.
Two.
You know, first piece, there's a question.
Find out whether an objection would have one direction to that.
Or if a repeat is questioned, I would be addressing me.
Yes, I say that if you or any senator have objects in mind,
questioning the secretary about conversation he's had with you,
I shall do this.
I think whoever it's important to me to ask him questions,
that's whether or not the conversation with you had anything to do with the issues of the charges.
I'd like to get that simple answer from the secretary and I understood you did not object to that.
Well, in as much as you detail in Senator, I would like to say that I, myself,
asked the secretary of the Army to give me the charges that has been made with respect to Mr. G. Davis.
Look on, I'm sorry.
When I go on, I'll start to get just a minute.
You've brought it up and I want to tell you the facts.
And on the telephone, I discussed that with him.
And later, I received a letter from somebody in the Army.
I do not believe it was a secretary stating that in accordance with the request of Senator Potter,
they were furnishing me the report with respect to Mr. G. David Chine.
So I believe that covers that point.
However, I want to bring out another point and that is that if I had any conversation with the secretary of the Army,
they, for his testimony, those conversations would be monitored along with yours,
your principals and the other members of this committee.
And for some days, I have been trying to get those monitored conversations before the public,
let the chips pull all the way where they may.
And therefore, it seems to me a little incongruous to be discussing one or two of the monitored conversations
and not all of them in the chronological order that you requested, David, in the beginning.
What's the other new address?
This little is no doubt left in the mind of anyone as to the request of the monitor calls.
The toll happens before the public and members of this committee have requested that their monitored conversations
be made available to the check council, Mr. Duncan.
The cost and the roles that's running out, they could be put in evidence.
Mr. Wells, your testimony raised the cost of security.
I understand that Mr. Duncan's have made arrangements not to go over the monitored conversations with the justice department,
beside what should be deleted.
And what can safely be introduced, interfering with any security regulations.
I know all of the senators from Missouri, the signings and realizes that unless until he does a plain thing that the Republican senators have done,
Mr. Duncan can ask the officials for the justice department to not eliminate the security matter.
And the entire question getting one of her phone calls in his signing, I sincerely hope that any Democrat members who have had phone calls
will be defense department, make the claims, type of requests that we did.
So Mr. Duncan has the phone call.
The meantime Mr. Steven, Mr. Chairman.
You're fine, I have a point of whatever you would like to have at least.
I would like to make some comments with respect to those comments.
Chair, believe we shouldn't proceed with the question well.
The comments around the table were not going to make my head wait.
Mr. Chairman, I rise to a point of personal privilege.
You may do so.
Mr. Chairman, when we first signed a paper according to Senator Potter and according to me and according to my understanding,
we were signing a paper which took these calls into the public record we thought.
It developed that what we signed simply gave the right of Mr. Jenkins and his councils,
Senator McCarthy and his councils, and the Army, Senator Secretary Steven's and his council to look at the call.
I understand that all three have looked at some of the calls.
Now, there was a general feeling around that because they had signed that paper,
the Republican senators, which did not in any way prophesy, predict or stipulate that the calls would be made public.
Nevertheless, there was a general feeling that because they had signed it, the calls would be made public.
And because they hadn't signed it, the calls wouldn't be made public.
Now, I do not want to discuss what happened in executive sessions with respect to these telephone conversations unless it becomes necessary.
Therefore, I say first, I am very glad now to have Senator McCarthy as any question of any kind that he would like to add of the Secretary of the Army
with respect to any discussions of any kind that I have ever had with him at any time in the last 50s been on the job.
I have had no discussions with him of any kind since it was decided to hold these hearings.
But I want to remind the Chair and April Council that we are now going in to the discussion of monitor telephone conversations
and unilaterally to fight the fact that the only people to the best of my knowledge will sign anything with respect to publishing those telephone calls or the senators on the Democratic side of this committee.
What's your secretary?
Well, that's the correct directive at that point to Chair would like to say he has written a letter to Council Wilkins,
special delivery to him at his office, in closing the statements signed by the Democrats and calling a text into the statements which was signed in his suggestion by the Republicans.
And if said to Mr. Wells, we hope that you can interpret this to be adequate to deliver these monitored phone calls and response towards the Pee-Nee to Council thinks Mr. Wells told me this morning he had been in Boston.
While he arrived last night, he did not go to his office until this morning. He had not had a time to read my letter and to make a reply to it.
That's the soon as he does that Chair will act in conformity with that letter. If he does as I hope he can, that's just enough.
We can deliver them to Council Jenkins, so be it. If he doesn't say that, that Chair hope he will be in writing.
So have it in a record. Say exactly what he does want to have now.
I'm Mr. McCart.
Just before I asked the President, Mr. Secretary, could I have this cleared up on the work of understanding that Council Jenkins already has all of the monitored phone calls of any Republican members.
The monitor phone calls with the phone with Mr. Carb with none with the Democratic members.
That's correct.
Just for another.
I don't think that's correct, but you could have the Council. I think that's an error.
So I have that statement up for the record.
Mr. Chairman, we have only the monitor telephone calls between the Army and the McCarthy staff.
Those are been examined by Mr. Welch's staff, by the committee staff and by your staff.
And also the conversation with me.
That is correct.
I think you only get that statement up.
I hope the monitor seems to be able to answer the report.
You may take it.
We're asking the Carb for the committee.
Yes.
Those monitored telephone calls that you have in your perception are now available for the inspection of other members of this committee under the order to choose out.
On a legitimate, Mr. Chairman, I'm Mr. McCart.
We have specific concerns on the part of Mr. Welch and on the part of the Army to disclose those monitored records to myself, to Senator McCart.
The committee and the Council for the Army, that is the limit of the permission given us, to be seen by the Army.
And by the McCarthy staff, there was no consent given to those monitored records, which would be shown to the committee as a whole.
I want to make it perfectly clear, Senator McCart.
As far as I am perfect as personally concerned, I would be happy for each member of this committee to see those calls and those records.
But today, I have only this consent to see those myself in the presence of Mr. McCone and Mr. Welch.
Is that right, Mr. Welch, your understanding?
Well, I don't know at the moment what the titelite says, but Mr. Jenkins, I'm sure that you know and that every member of this committee knows that it is the desire of the Army and of Mr. Adams to have every monitor telephone call between the Secretary's office, the Senator McCart, the his staff, and if you gentlemen, waste his call between the office and you senators, admitted in evidence in this hearing, and we will sign any censor for this.
I am under the impression we have already signed such a paper, but in any event we stated repeatedly in this room that that is the result we desire.
Mr. Welch, I don't believe you answer my question.
You state that it is your desire to those calls we put in the records. How we understand that perfectly. But I am asked to Senator McCullen, why the members of the committee, these seven members have not seen those monitors calls and the record office.
My answer to him was that I had your consent in the consent of the McCarthy side of this controversy. For me as general counsel for the committee, for you representing the Army and for Mr. Cohen representing Senator McCrathy to see those calls, and that there was no consent that they be shown to the members of the committee.
Mr. Welch, I will let Mr. St. Claire answer that. You have the government. Can you answer the question?
I hope that I will be hearing it as well.
My memory of this is that we produced those calls. The question arose as to whether or not the adverse party would be willing that they go in evidence before they had a chance to look at them and the answer that I recall wasn't they would not be willing.
We then agreed that at least we should agree that you consent. It was no effort on the part of the Army to limit their distribution if there was any such effort. It came to the other side of the table.
There was no agreement on the part of the Army that they would say that the members of this committee could see the little monitors. We are perfectly happy to have that.
Mr. Welch, if you were to say that, you would not be willing to do it now. And where is that? And where is that?
Would you say it over and absolutely?
Would you recall the other side of the table through the line?
Very well. Very well. Now Senator McCrathy, that's answer your question.
I do not have the permission according to Mr. St. Claire. I'll let Mr. Cohen and Senator McCrathy to show you those monitor calls.
So I repeat that personally I was not today. I cannot break spaces and agreements that I have made to this report.
What I want to ask is what another question now. Are the fellow monitors telephone calls with members of this committee be ensured to the parties who were supposed to be?
I have not seen them. They have not been delivered. Now I likely can say that another time Mr. Welch has time to answer the letter I can see him last week.
I will get it because he was involved. I'm sure that by tomorrow morning Mr. Welch will have a reply to that letter.
I'm perfectly aware of it. I want to say this to them. I have a full visit. Talk to you about the minutes you sent to me this time.
And it does not give this committee the right to see any of them. For that reason, when I did not agree to it, I'm willing to be committed to have all of them.
And for every one of them, irrespective of those who are going to recognize me about this about effect this morning.
Mr. Chair, I would like to say to Mr. St. Claire, that Senator St. Claire has introduced the paper this morning. I thought it unlocked all doors.
But I thought the council for the minority members before we tied up the empty list and pointed out to him that I thought the phasing of it was not quite happy to achieve the result that this table would like to see a key.
Chair, I would like to thank Mr. Chair. I have a discontinuation of the conversation which is very time consuming.
Mr. Welch, I'm sure that I wrote him last week. But you're sure to me. He would answer the morning as per seems to be questions.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, before we just go to this telephone call, this is a man's project. It seems to me that every one of these is individual in charge of this.
And Mr. Welch, if you get up some good Boston language that will follow the junior senator's familiarly devised and bequeathed all these calls that I may have made, get him out of the table.
You can put him in the record right now. Now I see no record signing a mass document with everybody's name on it.
You are free to release any telephone call that I have made and you're free to read it in this room as far as I'm concerned.
And if everybody else wants to do like life, that's all I have to say. And if nobody wants to do it, it's still all right with me.
So you can go into the office and put him in the record because as a general population telephone calls are not very reviewing and a high-dose feature as much as paper.
And if anybody wants to see this question, please.
I'll go over talking about that.
Anything but telephone calls.
Mr. Steven, I understand you had several telephone conversations with Mr. Femmington before these charges were made public.
Is that correct or given to the son of a?
Yes, I talk with the senator Femmington on a number of subjects.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Femmington, can you come in?
I have a point or something.
I want to point out to the chair and to eminent counsel that now, despite the fact that some of us have signed a general lease of all monitor telephone calls without a lot of legal double thought around them.
And some happen that the chair is now permitting senator from Wisconsin to interrogate the witness with respect to some of the telephone calls and not all of them.
If the chair and the counsel thinks that proper, it's all right with me because I certainly have never said anything with respect to the army, to the secretary of the army that I won't stand behind.
Excuse me.
The director makes this statement with reference to the statement just made by the senator from Missouri.
The senator from Missouri is under the impression that the calls these conversations with the secretary of the army was publicly monitored by his conversations with the monitors.
The secretary should not be now be questioned about them.
That is in the point that, besides the points that they have fact that they were monitored does not preclude the secretary of the army from testifying the reference to those conversations.
The man who did the monitoring of not coming to court and testifying before this committee without a course the consent of senator Femmington, the fact that they are monitored does not in any way.
In any way, the secretary from the voting, the contents of those conversations are soon.
That they are relevant to the person's issue and that is whether or not senator Femmington made any suggestions or had any influence with the secretary in the preparation or release of these charges.
The inquire being confined to that sort of a moment.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that the best evidence of what is going to be asked of the memory of the secretary of the army will be in the monitor and conversations themselves.
And I would also like to say that at no time and no way did I ever suggest that any charges were to be made against anybody.
Mr. Secretary, I am a catcher. If you have any question before us in detail about any conversation you might have had with me, I am now asking you about some conversation with senator Femmington.
I can put it up completely proper. I don't think that one senator has any special problem in another senator does not have.
Now, the person is this. No. 1, did you have conversations with senator Femmington prior to the issuance of the charges against phone charge or repair.
I have to convert the senator Femmington a good money time by sight and by took office.
How many of those conversations have anything to do with the charges against Mr. Femmington?
I personally recall it coming up only one time. How about the telephone conversation?
The telephone conversation that I remember were on a entirely different subject.
In other words, you had no telephone conversation with senator Femmington.
So had anything to do with the charges against Mr. Femmington, I can't say that senator. I just don't remember right at the moment. Could have been mentioned.
Would you have any ideas on how many times in telephone conversations you could have mentioned Mr. Femmington, the charges against Mr. Femmington?
I refer you times before the charges were made public.
Well, I would think it would be very, very limited. Very limited.
Well, I don't, I don't want to pin you down if your memory is bad. Would you say one time, two times, five times?
I'm sure it wasn't five times. I'd say I don't remember any of it on the telephone, but it could have been mentioned.
I think. Now, when you came up to see Mr. Femmington, did you discuss it that time?
The charges against Mr. Carbistro-Cooner, against me?
I think on one occasion it was mentioned. I came up to see senator Femmington in regard to the General's worker case.
He discussed the...
My recollection is, before I left the office, the subject of Sean and Colin came up.
Mr. Femmington, only a million of that time.
Well, that was on, that was, if my memory is correct, that was then on about the 19th of February.
He was on the committee, wasn't he at that point?
I'm sorry, Mr. Femmington. I'm the judge of the committee. I'm the 26th of January.
Yes.
And did you discuss with Mr. Femmington that, across Newfutter North, you're going to make public pay charges of you, Mr. Femmington?
I don't recall having to shut that.
In other words, you don't recall, ever having to discuss with some person, because they cross with other North, you make public pay charges.
I don't recall that. I certainly know that senator Femmington had nothing to do whatever, with what finally transpired.
I just know when he was remotely accused, he was being accused.
Did you tell him charges were being prepared?
No, I don't think so.
Did you tell any singers the charges were being prepared?
I don't think so.
Do you know?
Do I know?
I'd say, I remember one case in talk with Thunder Symes, and the matter came up to me following Sean.
I don't remember anything about any charges.
Mr. Chairman of this morning, I call the Secretary of the attention of the fact that his trust in money under oaths on two different occasions was directly opposite.
I pointed out that unless he had a bad memory, this would mean that Treasury was convicted as a Treasury one, okay, to the other.
He resented that very much to ask the justice in proper, and of course it would be improper, but it's true that it's not improper, so I intend now to read the testimony.
All the Secretary is on the stand and see if he agrees with me that it's completely contradictory.
But one time either was in error, and I assume that's what it is.
I assume he was in error, I can see his memories in very bad.
Mr. Chairman, or that there was a Treasury. It has to be one or the other.
I shall now read the testimony and ask the Secretary to hear his comment on it.
I have a point of order. The record is the record. It says the thing which witnesses committed surgery, the record goes to the department.
To the Attorney General's office for proper action, there is no point in contrasting, but it says on one page now, what it says on another, that's for the Attorney's done.
Chair is unable to anticipate the question about CBS by the fact that Senator Thomas Johnson will have to wait until the question is asked before he can go on a point of order.
I have a number of Secretary and I'm going to read you your testimony.
From page 14 in 1949 on page 6, 1964.
Senator McArthur, did you order them put out? We're applying the charges just now that time.
Answered? No sir, I did not order them put out. Then May 24, 1954, page 32, 14. Secretary Steven, the responsibility for these charges being put out is mine complete place.
From the Attorney General's office. You just told me you ordered them put out Mr. Secretary. Now did you or did you not?
Secretary Steven, yes sir, I did. From the Attorney General's office. When did you order them put out? Are you 50 corrects? Secretary Steven, Mr. Welles, what's the definition?
The Secretary gives the question. The Secretary is comparing the back and getting it to the parking.
I paid Mr. Welles, was this good? 32? No, it's not.
32, 14, page 32, 14.
Let me get the complete transcript. The time out of the work.
The wireless time is out. Let's return to our studios across the country to permit us patients to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Miami was national headquarters for the mob until the police drove out the V-shape. Mash the horseroom.
Fire back at the murder man and chop the big shots into the sea.
See to Miami story now at the time on St. John's Square.
All Baker meets Joe Baxi in the heavyweight man of that embossing location, Parkway, United Camp, all took a power of 7.
Secretary Steven, yes sir, I did. The question, when did you order them put out? Secretary Steven, well we put them out.
We sent them up to the committee here. I think it's on the 10th of March.
I will decide to Mr. Welles, so when he said I skipped a question, he is an error.
If I skipped a question, having read it to me.
If it's the last one, Senator, that I thought you skipped, I may have been an error sir.
Well, the dollar agreement is that there is no skipping of questions and let's proceed.
Will the reporter read back my original question? I don't like to be accused of skipping a question.
Mr. Welles, we track, so that I understand the allegation to skip the question.
Am I right Mr. Welles? I do. I don't know whether you did or not. I was under the impression that you did.
I would not wish to do you all wrong.
Thank you very much. Very well. The record stands. No question was skipped. proceed. Please.
That was this morning, later this morning, and page 3234, Mr. Cooen was trusting the record.
Have you got that transcript of the controls? Yes. Page 32 to 34. Mr. Cooen is quoting...
I don't know. Paul would need it.
Well, it started from the beginning of this. I'm sure that Mr. Cooen is, I'm sure that sir and I'm very sorry that this has taken so long.
But we still don't have the answer for a very crucial question that draws this committee to adjourn for a full week.
The question is, who did give the order? You were deaf enough when you were here the last time.
I might read this to you to refresh your recollection, but then Mr. Cooen, close to a previous record.
Did you order them put out? That was a question by Senator McCrathick.
Then he quotes the answer of Secretary Stevens. No sir, I didn't order them put out.
Secretary Stevens, I make the answer this morning. We did not put them out, Mr. Cooen.
And I have explained that at least 25 times. We did not put them out.
Mr. Cooen, after reading the testimony of May 6th, when Mr. Stevens was no sir, I didn't order them put out.
The testimony of this morning, when he says yes sir, I did.
The testimony about an hour later, when he says we did not put them out, Mr. Cooen.
I confess, I must throw up my hand and see nothing to be gained by further examining this witness.
Sirius.
You can try to understand, you concluded your interrogatory of the witness.
I go for Mr. Cooen.
As you go for the members of the committee, the council.
You're dismissed, Mr. Stevens.
May I say, if you are still under oath, because we have that one question you agreed to bring back,
we're applying to the bus to the police report.
If you will do that, it's probably possible we can dismiss you from this.
Mr. Council, you will call on next.
I believe you're out of the stand. Mr. Chairman, let me call Mr. D. Cooen.
I'm a Councillor John A. Van Aukum.
Mr. Chair, I understand it.
You were dismissed because of the developments around the executive party, but you were not unspoiled.
If you are understanding, I was not unspoiled.
So you're continuing to testify on note, Mr. Council.
I have no further questions at this time.
No, I have the chair. How about I come across as a last one?
I'm going to make a comment.
I want to ask you one question, Mr. Adams.
After conclusion, if you're testimony last Monday, or during your testimony last Monday,
I ask you specifically whether after that meeting on January 21st,
the responsibility shifted from the Army
to the conduct that there are actions regarding this controversy.
You at that time...